README.md, before:

## cloudron-codiad

----------

Built from https://git.cloudron.io/cloudron/lamp-app

## Special Information


- **I am not able to test the security of this app, however, given a strong enough password, things should be fine. In either case, I would NOT INSTALL ON PRODUCTION SYSTEMS**


## Currently Installed Packages / Supported Languages

- Follows Cloudron:base:1.0.0 (See: [Cloudron Baseimage Packages](https://cloudron.io/developer/baseimage/#packages)
- Built off Cloudron's LAMP App

**Supported Langauges**

(If I missed one, let me know by opening an issue or Pull Request.)

- JavaScript
- PHP5/7 (PHP 7.0.3 installed, which is backwards compatible with most PHP5 functions and scripts)
- HTML

## Installing on Cloudron
- Make sure you have [Cloudron CLI installed](https://cloudron.io/developer/cli/) on a Linux computer that is NOT your cloudron server. (See docs for details)
- Then do the following:

```
cloudron login
cloudron install --image mitchellurgero/org.urgero.codiad:latest # Might need to change to whatever the latest build is.
```

## Building from source

- **Building and using Build Service to deploy**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mitchellurgero/cloudron-codiad
cd cloudron-codiad
cloudron login
cloudron build
# Optional
cloudron install
```


- **Building and using local docker to deploy**

*Note: The below instructions have not been tested, please open an issue if they do not work.*

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mitchellurgero/cloudron-codiad
cd cloudron-codiad

## Change as you need!
docker build -t dockername/projectname:tagname .
docker push dockername/projectname:tagname

## End docker changes
cloudron login
cloudron install --image dockerhuburl/dockername/projectname:tagname
```


## Special Ports

- Port 2222 can be used for SFTP.

## Other Considerations

- Logos, Trademarks, etc are copyright of their respective owners.

Commit message:

Setup LDAP authentication. See post install instructions or README for details

README.md, after:

## cloudron-codiad

----------

Built from https://git.cloudron.io/cloudron/lamp-app

## Special Information


- **I am not able to test the security of this app, however, given a strong enough password, things should be fine. In either case, I would NOT INSTALL ON PRODUCTION SYSTEMS**
- After installing, make sure to run the Codiad setup via web browser as well! Once you complete that, add the following line to __/app/data/public/config.php__ if you want Cloudron SSO Authentication: `define("AUTH_PATH", "/app/data/public/ldap.php");`

## Currently Installed Packages / Supported Languages

- Follows Cloudron:base:1.0.0 (See: [Cloudron Baseimage Packages](https://cloudron.io/developer/baseimage/#packages)
- Built off Cloudron's LAMP App

**Supported Langauges**

(If I missed one, let me know by opening an issue or Pull Request.)

- JavaScript
- PHP5/7 (PHP 7.0.3 installed, which is backwards compatible with most PHP5 functions and scripts)
- HTML

## Installing on Cloudron
- Make sure you have [Cloudron CLI installed](https://cloudron.io/developer/cli/) on a Linux computer that is NOT your cloudron server. (See docs for details)
- Then do the following:

```
cloudron login
cloudron install --image mitchellurgero/org.urgero.codiad:latest # Might need to change to whatever the latest build is.
```

## Building from source

- **Building and using Build Service to deploy**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mitchellurgero/cloudron-codiad
cd cloudron-codiad
cloudron login
cloudron build
# Optional
cloudron install
```


- **Building and using local docker to deploy**

*Note: The below instructions have not been tested, please open an issue if they do not work.*

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mitchellurgero/cloudron-codiad
cd cloudron-codiad

## Change as you need!
docker build -t dockername/projectname:tagname .
docker push dockername/projectname:tagname

## End docker changes
cloudron login
cloudron install --image dockerhuburl/dockername/projectname:tagname
```


## Special Ports

- Port 2222 can be used for SFTP.

## Other Considerations

- Logos, Trademarks, etc are copyright of their respective owners.
